The President:
Hi, everybody.
This week, America came
together to salute our
veterans - to express our
appreciation to all who
served so that we
might live free.
But our gratitude should
extend beyond what our
veterans have done
for us in the past.
It should remind us of our
responsibility to serve them
as well as they
have served us.
It should compel us to keep
our veterans central to the
ongoing work of this nation.
In recent years, we've made
historic investments to
boost the VA budget,
expand veterans' benefits,
and improve care for
our wounded warriors.
We've now slashed the
disability claims backlog by
nearly 90 percent
from its peak.
We're reducing the outrage
of veterans' homelessness
and we've helped tens of
thousands of veterans get
off the streets.
The veterans' unemployment
rate is down to 3.9 percent
- even lower than
the national average.
Of course, we're
not satisfied.
We've still got more work
to do - and I've directed my
Administration to keep doing
everything it can to fulfill
our promise to our veterans.
But this isn't just a
job for government alone.
We all have a role to play.
Less than one percent of
Americans are serving
in uniform.
So it's true most Americans
don't always see and
appreciate the incredible
skills and assets that our
veterans can offer.
But every American should
know that our veterans are
some of the most talented,
capable people in the world.
They've mastered skills and
technologies and leadership
roles that are impossible to
teach off the battlefield.
They know how to
get stuff done.
And as our veterans will
tell you themselves,
they're not finished
serving their country.
They're teachers
and doctors,
engineers and entrepreneurs,
social workers
and community leaders.
They serve in statehouses
across the country
and in Congress.
As I tell small business
owners and CEOs on a regular
basis, if you want to get
the job done, hire a vet.
Every sector,
every industry,
every community in this
country can benefit from the
incredible talents
of our veterans.
Our troops and veterans
give us their very best.
That's what a soldier named
Captain Florent Groberg proved.
Three years ago, on
patrol in Afghanistan,
Flo saw a suicide bomber
coming toward his unit.
Without hesitating, Flo
grabbed him by his vest and
helped push him
to the ground.
When the bomb went off,
Flo was badly injured,
and four of his
comrades were killed.
But many more were saved
because of Flo's sacrifice.
Flo represents the very best
of America - and this week,
I was proud to present him
with the Medal of Honor
for his actions.
Veterans like Flo, they
deserve our undying gratitude.
They deserve the chance to
keep serving the country
they risked
everything to defend.
And so we must come together
to keep giving them that
chance, not just
on Veterans Day,
but on every single
day of the year.
May God bless all those who
serve and all who have given
their lives for our country.
And may God bless the
United States of America.